I want to know your Xinran order,
You have been here for a long time, who gave you your heart?
It's a Haitou. He sent some people and gave Haitou all the broken eyes.
Very tight, right?
No matter who sent it, I’m going too,
My heart is from you, yes, let me introduce myself,
My name is Li Gao, yes, I am not interested in you,
Where is my heart, boy?
It seems you haven't figured out your position yet,
When asking for help, let me ask for help.
Please, you are in my hands now,
I don't recommend it if you are not obedient.
Let me change your clothes, which I can do quite easily now.
The fact is, the fact is,
You are the most powerful, you are the greatest, you are right
I'm coming this time
There is one thing
You have to do it one after another
Who do you think you are?
while talking
or no brains
Think clearly before speaking